# Project Description
Our team is working with the Vanderbilt School of Nursing to develop a web application that will help nursing students keep track of their program competencies and graduation requirements. Currently, it is cumbersome for nursing students to find and organize information about the required competencies from multiple sources. In addition, there is no easy way to showcase their competencies and required courses with potential employers. The goal of our product is to bring simplicity and clarity to the process and allow students to focus on studies and practical experience through a web application that centralizes the completion of competencies and allows sharing them with potential employers.

# Project Scope
The product will be a web application that nursing students can use to track their progress towards graduation. The application will be mobile-first and will have a responsive design. The application will allow students to create an account with their Unique Nurse Identifier number and password. Once they are logged in, they will be able to see the list of requirements (courses and extracurricular competencies) for their program and the requirements they have already completed. They will also be able to mark a requirement as “completed”. 
There are three main groups of customers we are addressing with the product: students, professors, and administrators. Students’ motivation to use the app will be to track their progress towards graduation from the program. Professors’ and administrators’ roles will be to keep the requirements up-to-date, add new programs, and monitor students’ progress.
Each program will have a list of requirements that includes academic courses, practical competencies (e.g. specific experiences in the hospital), and others. There will be singular requirements.
The application will have an administrator dashboard (either as a part of the web app or as a separate service) that will allow administrators to add new programs and update the requirements for existing programs. The administrator dashboard will also allow administrators to see the list of nursing students and their progress towards graduation. 
To complete the project within a semester, the team is planning to build a mobile-first web application for a single program (Nursing Informatics) within the Vanderbilt Nursing School with the flexibility to extend the application to have multiple programs. 
